we're going to go ahead and we're going
to check out the new chrome beta and see
what this looks like here i'm going to
go except continue and you go to sign in
Wow Cloud Print that's pretty cool it's
going to sign me into chrome switch
between open tabs search the web
directly so let's try and search the web
directly will search for Alaska since
that's where we are pretty cool this is
actually the first time I've used this
as well so it's a little bit jittery
let's see that's got to be just the
unstable ICS build yeah see me they'll
open a new tab here give it a little bit
of rotate
and let's try and go it as a dpreview go
there we go so that crashed let's try
again and we'll go back dpreview com
not too bad it seems a little bit slow
but this probably isn't the greatest
device to test this on but let's see
yeah we're sort of stuck in our
scrolling here see the crashes again
yeah wait though
so beta chrome on Alpha IC s equals
unstable and probably not very effective
way to use to browse the internet that
being said the regular internet browsers
around here is actually quite good I
haven't noticed any major crashes with
it so this is the standard android ICS
browser so all to cool cool pretty you
know fun little thing to play around
with I definitely wouldn't use this as a
full-time rom just goes of the bugs but
yeah chrome beta on a galaxy note with
alpha software so have fun